it may very well be that there is plenty
of quote unquote intelligent life
however you want to call that out there
that is just so radically different that
its experience is not really comparable
to our own so you could imagine a fungus
that lives on a planet and it totally
inhabits it and it's basically a giant
neuron Network that's on that planet and
its version of experience would be
completely atypical to that of ours and
so when we use this argument of we
experien this certain version of events
and th everything has to be sort B tuned
such that that's the case there may be
PowerAll paths but then that's not
perhaps so satisfying because if there
is a planet covering fungus we're not
going to have a communication with that
thing so it doesn't really scratch the
itch